#Albury
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-13.2
fPreviousTppSwing=13.9
bRetirement=1
#Auburn
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=5.9
fPreviousTppSwing=-1.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Ballina
sIncumbent=GRN
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=3
fPreviousTppSwing=27.7
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sBettingOdds=GRN,3.75
#Balmain
sIncumbent=GRN
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=15.7
fPreviousTppSwing=11.1
sBettingOdds=GRN,1.44
#Bankstown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=14
fPreviousTppSwing=3.4
#Barwon
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=SFF
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-12.9
sProminentMinors=SFF
sBettingOdds=SFF,1.7
fPreviousTppSwing=13.1
bRetirement=1
#Bathurst
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-15.8
fPreviousTppSwing=7.9
#Baulkham Hills
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-21.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.6
#Bega
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=South Coast
fTppMargin=-8.2
fPreviousTppSwing=10.3
#Blacktown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=13.2
fPreviousTppSwing=9
#Blue Mountains
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=8.1
fPreviousTppSwing=13.5
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Cabramatta
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=IND
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=17.2
fPreviousTppSwing=15.3
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sBettingOdds=IND,6
sMinorViability=IND,1.00
#Camden
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=-18.3
fPreviousTppSwing=4.5
bRetirement=1
#Campbelltown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=7.3
fPreviousTppSwing=14.1
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Canterbury
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=15.7
fPreviousTppSwing=8.3
#Castle Hill
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-29.4
fPreviousTppSwing=5.3
#Cessnock
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=22
fPreviousTppSwing=18.1
#Charlestown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=12.9
fPreviousTppSwing=22.1
#Clarence
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-9.7
fPreviousTppSwing=22.2
#Coffs Harbour
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-14.3
fPreviousTppSwing=13
bRetirement=1
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sBettingOdds=IND,5
sMinorViability=IND,0.00
#Coogee
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-2.9
fPreviousTppSwing=5.4
#Cootamundra
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-20.4
fPreviousTppSwing=9.9
#Cronulla
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=IND
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-20.9
fPreviousTppSwing=3.9
#Davidson
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=GRN
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-29
fPreviousTppSwing=7.2
#Drummoyne
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=-18.8
fPreviousTppSwing=-1.7
#Dubbo
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=IND
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-20.4
fPreviousTppSwing=10.9
bRetirement=1
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sBettingOdds=IND,2.75
sMinorViability=IND,1.00
#East Hills
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-0.4
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.2
bRetirement=1
#Epping
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-16.2
fPreviousTppSwing=11.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Fairfield
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=17.8
fPreviousTppSwing=15.5
#Gosford
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=0.2
fPreviousTppSwing=12.2
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Goulburn
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-6.6
fPreviousTppSwing=43.4
bRetirement=1
#Granville
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=2.1
fPreviousTppSwing=5.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Hawkesbury
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=-17.8
fPreviousTppSwing=10.6
#Heathcote
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-7.6
fPreviousTppSwing=11.4
#Heffron
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=14.1
fPreviousTppSwing=8.9
#Holsworthy
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-6.7
fPreviousTppSwing=4
#Hornsby
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-18.9
fPreviousTppSwing=7.5
#Keira
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Illawarra
fTppMargin=17.4
fPreviousTppSwing=14.5
#Kiama
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=South Coast
fTppMargin=-8.7
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.1
#Kogarah
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=6.9
fPreviousTppSwing=1.5
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Ku-ring-gai
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-23
fPreviousTppSwing=13.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Lake Macquarie
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=13.2
fPreviousTppSwing=20.6
#Lakemba
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=21.6
fPreviousTppSwing=14.2
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Lane Cove
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-17.8
fPreviousTppSwing=9.5
#Lismore
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-0.2
fPreviousTppSwing=49.8
bRetirement=1
sBettingOdds=GRN,3.5
#Liverpool
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=20.9
fPreviousTppSwing=6.9
#Londonderry
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=8.8
fPreviousTppSwing=14.2
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Macquarie Fields
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=8.1
fPreviousTppSwing=9.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Maitland
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=13.8
fPreviousTppSwing=18.8
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Manly
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=GRN
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-28.4
fPreviousTppSwing=-1.4
#Maroubra
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=10.8
fPreviousTppSwing=8.6
#Miranda
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-13
fPreviousTppSwing=10
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Monaro
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-2.5
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.5
#Mount Druitt
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=15.4
fPreviousTppSwing=9.5
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Mulgoa
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=-9.7
fPreviousTppSwing=2.7
#Murray
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=SFF
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-25.2
fPreviousTppSwing=5.7
sProminentMinors=SFF
sBettingOdds=SFF,2.9
#Myall Lakes
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-8.7
fPreviousTppSwing=19.9
#Newcastle
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=7.4
fPreviousTppSwing=9.8
#Newtown
sIncumbent=GRN
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=24.4
fPreviousTppSwing=10.4
sBettingOdds=GRN,1.14
#Northern Tablelands
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-27.1
fPreviousTppSwing=0.6
#North Shore
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=IND
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-21.9
fPreviousTppSwing=8.5
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sBettingOdds=IND,5
sMinorViability=IND,0.00
#Oatley
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-6.6
fPreviousTppSwing=-2.8
#Orange
sIncumbent=SFF
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-21.7
fPreviousTppSwing=5.4
sProminentMinors=SFF
sBettingOdds=SFF,1.25
#Oxley
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-10.9
fPreviousTppSwing=17.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Parramatta
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=-12.9
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.3
#Penrith
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=-6.2
fPreviousTppSwing=9.9
#Pittwater
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=GRN
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-27.9
fPreviousTppSwing=22.1
#Port Macquarie
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-19
fPreviousTppSwing=9.8
#Port Stephens
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=4.7
fPreviousTppSwing=19.5
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Prospect
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=3.4
fPreviousTppSwing=4.5
#Riverstone
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=-12.2
fPreviousTppSwing=7.8
#Rockdale
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=4.8
fPreviousTppSwing=8.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Ryde
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-11.5
fPreviousTppSwing=13.7
#Seven Hills
sPreviousName=Toongabbie
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=-8.7
fPreviousTppSwing=0
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Shellharbour
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Illawarra
fTppMargin=17
fPreviousTppSwing=9.2
#South Coast
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=South Coast
fTppMargin=-9.6
fPreviousTppSwing=10.5
#Strathfield
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=1.8
fPreviousTppSwing=8.2
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Summer Hill
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=20.1
fPreviousTppSwing=7.5
#Swansea
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=13
fPreviousTppSwing=13.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Sydney
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-6.7
fPreviousTppSwing=11.3
#Tamworth
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=IND
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-28.9
fPreviousTppSwing=1.8
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sBettingOdds=IND,8
sMinorViability=IND,0.00
#Terrigal
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=-9
fPreviousTppSwing=14.6
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#The Entrance
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=0.4
fPreviousTppSwing=12.1
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
#Tweed
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-3.2
fPreviousTppSwing=18.5
#Upper Hunter
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-2.2
fPreviousTppSwing=20.8
bSophomoreCandidate=1
#Vaucluse
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=GRN
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-25.3
fPreviousTppSwing=6.1
#Wagga Wagga
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-12.9
fPreviousTppSwing=14.9
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sMinorViability=IND,4.00
sBettingOdds=IND,1.27
#Wakehurst
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-25.2
fPreviousTppSwing=5.3
#Wallsend
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=20.8
fPreviousTppSwing=14.5
#Willoughby
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=GRN
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-23.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.6
#Wollondilly
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=IND
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-17.3
fPreviousTppSwing=4.3
bConfirmedProminentIndependent=1
sBettingOdds=IND,3.00
sMinorViability=IND,1.00
#Wollongong
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Illawarra
fTppMargin=13.4
fPreviousTppSwing=4.2
#Wyong
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=8.7
fPreviousTppSwing=13.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
