#Albury
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-16.3
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.5
sCandidateNames=Justin Clancy,LNP
#Auburn
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=24.0
fPreviousTppSwing=10.3
sCandidateNames=Lynda Voltz,ALP
#Badgerys Creek
sPreviousName=Mulgoa
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=-10.5
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.7
sCandidateNames=Tanya Davies,LNP
#Ballina
sIncumbent=GRN
sChallenger=NAT
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=6.2
fPreviousTppSwing=2.3
fTransposedFederalSwing=0.3
sCandidateNames=Tamara Smith,GRN
#Balmain
sIncumbent=GRN
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=24.5
fPreviousTppSwing=4.05
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Kobi Shetty,GRN
#Bankstown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=20.3
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.1
sCandidateNames=Jihad Dib,ALP
#Barwon
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=NAT
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-10.76
fPreviousTppSwing=-8.24
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Roy Butler,IND
#Bathurst
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-23.6
fPreviousTppSwing=-5.7
sCandidateNames=Paul Toole,NAT
#Bega
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=South Coast
fTppMargin=10.4
fPreviousTppSwing=17.33
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Michael Holland,ALP
#Blacktown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=19.1
fPreviousTppSwing=2.5
sCandidateNames=Stephen Bali,ALP
#Blue Mountains
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=21.9
fPreviousTppSwing=8.3
sCandidateNames=Trish Doyle,ALP
#Cabramatta
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=11.8
fPreviousTppSwing=-7.5
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Tri Vo,ALP
#Camden
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=3.0
fPreviousTppSwing=10.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Sally Quinnell,ALP
#Campbelltown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=23.3
fPreviousTppSwing=7.3
sCandidateNames=Greg Warren,ALP
#Canterbury
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=25.8
fPreviousTppSwing=10.5
sCandidateNames=Sophie Cotsis,ALP
#Castle Hill
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-10.9
fPreviousTppSwing=11.5
fTransposedFederalSwing=4.8
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Mark Hodges,LNP
#Cessnock
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=NAT
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=26.8
fPreviousTppSwing=7.1
sCandidateNames=Clayton Barr,ALP
#Charlestown
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=21.1
fPreviousTppSwing=8
sCandidateNames=Jodie Harrison,ALP
#Clarence
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-14.3
fPreviousTppSwing=0.2
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Richard Williamson,NAT
#Coffs Harbour
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-13.24
fPreviousTppSwing=-2.47
sCandidateNames=Gurmesh Singh,NAT
#Coogee
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=12.3
fPreviousTppSwing=10.0
sCandidateNames=Marjorie O'Neill,ALP
#Cootamundra
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-32.1
fPreviousTppSwing=-5.5
sCandidateNames=Steph Cooke,NAT
#Cronulla
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-13.79
fPreviousTppSwing=5.82
sCandidateNames=Mark Speakman,LNP
#Davidson
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-13.9
fPreviousTppSwing=10.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Matt Cross,LNP
#Drummoyne
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=-1.3
fPreviousTppSwing=12.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Stephanie Di Pasqua,LNP
#Dubbo
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-18.6
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.5
sCandidateNames=Dugald Saunders,NAT
#East Hills
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=1.7
fPreviousTppSwing=1.8
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Kylie Wilkinson,ALP
#Epping
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-4.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.5
sCandidateNames=Monica Tudehope,LNP
#Fairfield
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=20.9
fPreviousTppSwing=4.0
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=David Saliba,ALP
#Gosford
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=15.4
fPreviousTppSwing=8.3
sCandidateNames=Liesl Tesch,ALP
#Goulburn
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-1.3
fPreviousTppSwing=1.8
sCandidateNames=Wendy Tuckerman,LNP
#Granville
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=21.5
fPreviousTppSwing=12.1
sCandidateNames=Julia Finn,ALP
#Hawkesbury
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=-9.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.7
sCandidateNames=Robyn Preston,LNP
#Heathcote
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=9.9
fPreviousTppSwing=8.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Maryanne Stuart,ALP
#Heffron
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=23.3
fPreviousTppSwing=8.0
sCandidateNames=Ron Hoenig,ALP
#Holsworthy
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-0.4
fPreviousTppSwing=5.6
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Tina Ayyad,LNP
#Hornsby
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-8.0
fPreviousTppSwing=8.8
sCandidateNames=James Wallace,LNP
#Keira
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Illawarra
fTppMargin=24.2
fPreviousTppSwing=5.9
sCandidateNames=Ryan Park,ALP
#Kellyville
sPreviousName=Baulkham Hills
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-11.0
fPreviousTppSwing=12.1
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Ray Williams,LNP
#Kiama
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=South Coast
fTppMargin=19.73
fPreviousTppSwing=31.74
fMiscTppModifier=-15
bRetirement=1
sCandidateNames=
#Kogarah
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=18.3
fPreviousTppSwing=18.1
sCandidateNames=Chris Minns,ALP
#Lake Macquarie
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=12.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.3
sCandidateNames=Greg Piper,IND
#Lane Cove
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-5.5
fPreviousTppSwing=9.2
sCandidateNames=Anthony Roberts,LNP
#Leppington
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=8.9
fPreviousTppSwing=7.4
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Nathan Hagarty,ALP
#Lismore
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=NAT
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=15
fPreviousTppSwing=13
sCandidateNames=Janelle Saffin,ALP
#Liverpool
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=8.3
fPreviousTppSwing=-9.0
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Charishma Kaliyanda,ALP
#Londonderry
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=13.7
fPreviousTppSwing=10.7
sCandidateNames=Prue Car,ALP
#Macquarie Fields
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southwest Sydney
fTppMargin=19.9
fPreviousTppSwing=5
sCandidateNames=Anoulack Chanthivong,ALP
#Maitland
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=18.6
fPreviousTppSwing=3.9
sCandidateNames=Jenny Aitchison,ALP
#Manly
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-12.5
fPreviousTppSwing=2.1
sCandidateNames=James Griffin,LNP
#Maroubra
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=18.7
fPreviousTppSwing=10.4
sCandidateNames=Michael Daley,ALP
#Miranda
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-2.3
fPreviousTppSwing=12.1
sCandidateNames=Eleni Petinos,LNP
#Monaro
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=NAT
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=2.3
fPreviousTppSwing=13.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Steve Whan,ALP
#Mount Druitt
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=22.4
fPreviousTppSwing=3.8
sCandidateNames=Edmond Atalla,ALP
#Murray
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=NAT
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-22.1
fPreviousTppSwing=2.7
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Helen Dalton,IND
#Myall Lakes
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-15.8
fPreviousTppSwing=-6.5
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Tanya Thompson,NAT
#Newcastle
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=22.6
fPreviousTppSwing=5.1
sCandidateNames=Tim Crakanthorp,ALP
#Newtown
sIncumbent=GRN
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=32.3
fPreviousTppSwing=4.1
sCandidateNames=Jenny Leong,GRN
#Northern Tablelands
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-33.8
fPreviousTppSwing=-0.7
sCandidateNames=Brendan Moylan,NAT
#North Shore
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-8.22
fPreviousTppSwing=9.63
sCandidateNames=Felicity Wilson,LNP
#Oatley
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=-0.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.0
sCandidateNames=Mark Coure,LNP
#Orange
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-12.77
fPreviousTppSwing=2.28
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Philip Donato,IND
#Oxley
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-12.8
fPreviousTppSwing=2.6
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Michael Kemp,LNP
#Parramatta
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=8.6
fPreviousTppSwing=15.0
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Donna Davis,ALP
#Penrith
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=1.6
fPreviousTppSwing=2.2
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Karen McKeown,ALP
#Pittwater
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-13.25
fPreviousTppSwing=9.11
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Jacqui Scruby,IND
#Port Macquarie
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-16.7
fPreviousTppSwing=3.4
sCandidateNames=Robert Dwyer,LNP
#Port Stephens
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=19.02
fPreviousTppSwing=13.27
sCandidateNames=Kate Washington,ALP
#Prospect
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=8.7
fPreviousTppSwing=0.1
sCandidateNames=Hugh McDermott,ALP
#Riverstone
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=3.7
fPreviousTppSwing=9.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Warren Kirby,ALP
#Rockdale
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Sydney
fTppMargin=15.4
fPreviousTppSwing=5.4
sCandidateNames=Steve Kamper,ALP
#Ryde
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-0.1
fPreviousTppSwing=8.9
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Jordan Lane,LNP
#Shellharbour
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Illawarra
fTppMargin=27.2
fPreviousTppSwing=8.8
sCandidateNames=Anna Watson,ALP
#South Coast
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=South Coast
fTppMargin=3.77
fPreviousTppSwing=14.32
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Liza Butler,ALP
#Strathfield
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=13.0
fPreviousTppSwing=7.8
sCandidateNames=Jason Yat-Sen Li,ALP
#Summer Hill
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=GRN
sRegion=Inner West Sydney
fTppMargin=29.8
fPreviousTppSwing=8.2
sCandidateNames=Jo Haylen,ALP
#Swansea
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=15.4
fPreviousTppSwing=4.8
sCandidateNames=Yasmin Catley,ALP
#Sydney
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=11.3
fPreviousTppSwing=11.2
sCandidateNames=Alex Greenwich,IND
#Tamworth
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-24.2
fPreviousTppSwing=3.8
sCandidateNames=Kevin Anderson,LNP
#Terrigal
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=-1.2
fPreviousTppSwing=11.1
sCandidateNames=Adam Crouch,LNP
#The Entrance
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=7.8
fPreviousTppSwing=2.5
sCandidateNames=David Mehan,ALP
#Tweed
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=North Coast
fTppMargin=-3.58
fPreviousTppSwing=1.39
sCandidateNames=Geoff Provest,NAT
#Upper Hunter
sIncumbent=NAT
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northern Inland
fTppMargin=-3.8
fPreviousTppSwing=-3.3
sCandidateNames=Dave Layzell,NAT
#Vaucluse
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Southeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-15.6
fPreviousTppSwing=5.0
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Kellie Sloane,LNP
#Wagga Wagga
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-6.2
fPreviousTppSwing=1.3
sCandidateNames=Joe McGirr,IND
#Wahroonga
sPreviousName=Ku-ring-gai
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-10.6
fPreviousTppSwing=8.4
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Alister Henskens,LNP
#Wakehurst
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-9.6
fPreviousTppSwing=12.3
bSophomoreCandidate=1
bSophomoreParty=1
sCandidateNames=Michael Regan,IND
#Wallsend
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=31.8
fPreviousTppSwing=5.9
sCandidateNames=Sonia Hornery,ALP
#Willoughby
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Northeast Sydney
fTppMargin=-5.9
fPreviousTppSwing=14.8
sCandidateNames=Tim James,LNP
#Winston Hills
sPreviousName=Seven Hills
sIncumbent=LNP
sChallenger=ALP
sRegion=Outer West Sydney
fTppMargin=-1.8
fPreviousTppSwing=3.9
sCandidateNames=Mark Taylor,LNP
#Wollondilly
sIncumbent=IND
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Southern Inland
fTppMargin=-5.0
fPreviousTppSwing=9.1
bSophomoreParty=1
bSophomoreCandidate=1
sCandidateNames=Judy Hannan,IND
#Wollongong
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Illawarra
fTppMargin=24.3
fPreviousTppSwing=1.5
sCandidateNames=Paul Scully,ALP
#Wyong
sIncumbent=ALP
sChallenger=LNP
sRegion=Central Coast
fTppMargin=19.8
fPreviousTppSwing=6.9
sCandidateNames=David Harris,ALP